Move filtering to before DESeq2 object creation (#425)
AlexsLemonade/refinebio-examples: 03-rnaseq/clustering_rnaseq_01_heatmap.Rmd

```{r}
# Make the data in the order of the metadata
expression_df <- expression_df %>%
  dplyr::select(metadata$refinebio_accession_code)

# Check if this is in the same order
all.equal(colnames(expression_df), metadata$refinebio_accession_code)
```

Now we are going to use a combination of functions from the `DESeq2` and `pheatmap` packages to look at how are samples and genes are clustering.

## Define a minimum counts cutoff

> We want to filter out the genes that have not been expressed or that have low expression counts because we want to remove any possible noise from our data before we normalize the data and create our heatmap.

Reviewer: We definitely aren't getting rid of all the noise! 
```suggestion
We want to filter out the genes that have not been expressed or that have low expression counts since these genes are likely to add noise rather than useful signal to our analysis.
```

We are going to do some pre-filtering to keep only genes with 10 or more reads total.
Note that rows represent gene data and the columns represent sample data in our dataset.

```{r}
# Define a minimum counts cutoff and filter the data to include
# only rows (genes) that have total counts above the cutoff
filtered_expression_df <- expression_df %>%
  dplyr::filter(rowSums(.) >= 10)
```

We also need our counts to be rounded before we can use them with the `DESeqDataSetFromMatrix()` function.

```{r}

> # The `DESeqDataSetFromMatrix()` function needs the values to be converted to integers

Reviewer: Line width, mostly.
```suggestion
# The `DESeqDataSetFromMatrix()` function needs the values to be integers
```

filtered_expression_df <- round(filtered_expression_df)
```

## Create a DESeqDataset

We will be using the `DESeq2` package for [normalizing and transforming our data](https://alexslemonade.github.io/refinebio-examples/03-rnaseq/00-intro-to-rnaseq.html#deseq2-transformation-methods), which requires us to format our data into a `DESeqDataSet` object.
We turn the data frame (or matrix) into a [`DESeqDataSet` object](https://alexslemonade.github.io/refinebio-examples/03-rnaseq/00-intro-to-rnaseq.html#02_About_DESeq2). ) and specify which variable labels our experimental groups using the [`design` argument](http://bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/vignettes/DESeq2/inst/doc/DESeq2.html#multi-factor-designs) [@Love2014].
In this chunk of code, we will not provide a specific model to the `design` argument because we are not performing a differential expression analysis.

```{r}
# Create a `DESeqDataSet` object
dds <- DESeqDataSetFromMatrix(
  countData = filtered_expression_df, # This is the data.frame with the counts values for all replicates in our dataset
  colData = metadata, # This is the data.frame with the annotation data for the replicates in the counts data.frame

>   design = ~1 # Here we are not specifying a model -- Replace with an appropriate design variable for your analysis

Reviewer: I guess I haven't gotten to these yet, but can you shorten up these comments to match the dimension reduction notebooks?
